Update upcoming_versions.adoc with link to post on feeder gateway dep… (#878)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/starknet_versions/pages/upcoming_versions.adoc

Starknet now has three different full node implementations in production (xref:pathfinder_versions.adoc[Pathfinder], xref:juno_versions.adoc[Juno], and Papyrus). Consequently, it is time to deprecate the feeder gateway and migrate to RPC providers.

> More details can be found in the community forum link:https://community.starknet.io/t/feeder-gateway-deprecation/100233[post].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://community.starknet.io/t/feeder-gateway-deprecation/100233[Feeder Gateway Deprecation post] on the Community Forum.
```
